I have a hint for you! If there is a column or row that has an 8, you can fill all of the boxes for it.
You look like you could use some help. For any column or row, if you have a stretch that’s five or more, you can immediately fill out some squares on that row. Using our example, imagine that the stretch starts at the leftmost edge of what’s possible on the row, and also imagine that the stretch ends on the rightmost edge of what’s possible on that row. You can see that there is an overlap of 4 squares that have to be filled in either way.
Here’s a piece of advice. For some rows and columns, if you add their numbers, plus any spaces that you have to have between the stretches and it equals 8, this means they’re only one way to lay out the black squares. You can see in the example that the numbers add to 6, and we’re required to have at least 2 crossed out squares, which add to 8.
Let me help you out a little. Sometimes you can rule out squares if a stretch is not long enough to reach those cells. In our example, you can see that’s it’s impossible for the first stretch of 2 to reach beyond the third square, so we can cross out the fourth square. Similarly, the second stretch of 2 is complete so we can cross out the squares on either side of it.
Here’s a hint. If you cross out a cell, you can see if there is still enough space for the stretches to fit. For example, in this case we can see that there isn’t enough space between the two crossed out cells for the stretch of length 2 to fit. So we can cross out the center cell. Now since we can clearly see that we can’t fit two stretches of length 2 on the left, we know one of them must be on the right.
Hey, this might be helpful for you. If you’ve filled out squares for a new row or column, try checking to see if this forces neighboring squares to be filled in or not. In this case, filling in the first row allows you to fill in the first stretch for all of the columns since you know that they all must start at the first row.
Hint. Coloring missing cells is easier with more cells already colored in a row and column. Check to see if you can merge or split sets of filled in squares. For example, in this case, we can fill in or cross out cells in the second row  to complete the stretches for the first three columns, as well as the fifth, sixth and seventh columns.
Let me give you some advice. If you have finished filling in a group of cells in a row or a column, you can mark the remaining empty cells with an X to signify that these can’t be filled in anymore.
Maybe you should try this? If your next move is to choose whether a certain box is supposed to be filled in black or not, then try filling it black and see if you can solve the puzzle! If you find that you can’t, then it must be that that square should not be filled in.